Revamp docs directory and add more docs (#21)
ScratchAddons/website-v2: content/docs/getting-started/quick-start.md

---
title: Quick Start
weight: 1
aliases: 
  - /docs/developing/installing-scratch-addons
---

## Installing

> Let's get started by installing Scratch Addons. Scratch Addons is available in both Chrome Web Store and Add-ons for Firefox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's get started by installing Scratch Addons. Scratch Addons is available in both Chrome Web Store and addons.mozilla.org.
```

- [Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fbeffbjdlemaoicjdapfpikkikjoneco) (for Google Chrome and other Chromium-based browsers)  

> - [Add-ons for Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/scratch-messaging-extension/) (for Mozilla Firefox)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [addons.mozilla.org](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/scratch-messaging-extension/) (for Mozilla Firefox)  
```
